Office365: document Microsoft Defender for 0365 (#703)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/office365/o365.md

In order to exploit the automatic interconnection method, please follow these steps:

1. Login to the Operations Center
2. Go to Configure > Intakes, and click on `+ INTAKE`
3. Choose Office 365 intake by clicking on `CREATE`
4.Enter the Intake name, select the related Entity and trigger the interconnexion by clicking on `Automatically`

![SEKOIA.IO Operations Center O365 intake](/assets/operation_center/integration_catalog/cloud_and_saas/o365/intake_creation_o365.png){: style="max-width:60%"}

5. In the displayed modal, click on `LOG IN TO OFFICE 365`, then `ADD PERMISSION INTO OFFICE 365`

![SEKOIA.IO Operations Center O365 intake](/assets/operation_center/integration_catalog/cloud_and_saas/o365/intake_creation_o365_access.png){: style="max-width:60%"}

6. Choose your Office account, review the permissions and grant them to SEKOIA.IO

> Once the integration created, it may take up to 12 hours for the Microsoft API to make data available for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the integration is created, it may take up to 12 hours for the Microsoft API to make data available for the first time.
```

SEKOIA.IO also supports Office 365 log collection through Azure EventHub. Follow [this guide](o365_appendix.md) for more details on this solution.

### Collect Microsoft Defender for Office365 events

> If your organization use Microsoft Defender for Office365, you can forward malware and threat intelligence events to SEKOIA.IO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization use Microsoft Defender for Office 365, you can forward malware and threat intelligence events to SEKOIA.IO.
```
